docs(integrations): adds bitbucket server docs (#1519)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/collections/_documentation/workflow/integrations/global-integrations.md

### Bitbucket Server

You can now use the data from your Bitbucket Server commits to help you find and fix bugs faster.

#### Installing Bitbucket Server with Sentry

{% capture __alert_content -%}
Sentry owner or manager permissions, and Bitbucket administrator permissions are required to install this integration.
{%- endcapture -%}
{%- include components/alert.html
  title="Note"
  content=__alert_content
  level="warning"
%}

##### I. Generate an RSA public/private key pair
To generate an RSA public/private key pair, run the following commands in your terminal window one by one.
```
openssl genrsa -out bitbucket_privatekey.pem 1024
openssl req -newkey rsa:1024 -x509 -key bitbucket_privatekey.pem -out bitbucket_publickey.cer -days 365
openssl pkcs8 -topk8 -nocrypt -in bitbucket_privatekey.pem -out bitbucket_privatekey.pcks8
openssl x509 -pubkey -noout -in bitbucket_publickey.cer  > bitbucket_publickey.pem
```

##### II. Create a new application link in Bitbucket
1. In Bitbucket, click the **gear icon** > **Applications** > **Application Links**.
1. Enter the following as the application URL: 
`https://sentry.io/extensions/bitbucket_server/setup/`

> 1. Click **Create New Link**. If you see a warning that “No response was received from the URL you entered”, ignore and click **Continue**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Click **Create New Link**. If you see a warning that “No response was received from the URL you entered,” ignore and click **Continue**.
```

1. In the resulting dialog, fill out the form as follows:

    | Application Name                 | Sentry        |
    | Application Type                   | Generic Application |
    | Service Provider Name | Sentry |
    | Consumer Key                       | (your choice, but keep this handy for the next step) |
    | Shared Secret                     | sentry |
    | Request Token URL                  | https://sentry.io |
    | Access Token URL | https://sentry.io    |
    | Authorize URL           | https://sentry.io    |
    | Create Incoming Link               | No    |

> 1. Click **Continue**. You should be returned to the **Configure Application Links** page, where you should see an application called **Sentry**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Click **Continue**. This will return you to the **Configure Application Links** page, where you'll see an application called **Sentry**.
```

1. Click the pencil icon next to the **Sentry** application.

> 1. On the lefthand side of the resulting modal, click **Incoming Authentication**. Fill our the form as follows, and press **Save**:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. On the lefthand side of the resulting modal, click **Incoming Authentication**. Fill out the form as follows, and press **Save**:
```

5. In Sentry, you’ll see a new Bitbucket Server instance appear on the Integrations page.

Bitbucket should now be authorized for all projects under your Sentry organization.

#### Commit Tracking

Commit tracking allows you to hone in on problematic commits. Learn more about [commit tracking]({%- link _documentation/workflow/releases.md -%}#link-repository).

#### Suspect Commits and Suggested Assignees

Once you set up commit tracking, you’ll be able to see the most recent changes to files found in the issue’s stack trace with suspect commits.

For issues where the files in the stack trace match files included in commits sent to Sentry, you’ll see the suspect commit, with a link to the commit itself.

You’ll also see that the author of the suspect commit will be listed as a suggested assignee for this issue. To assign the issue to the suggested assignee, click on their icon.

#### Resolving in Commit

Once you are sending commit data, you can start resolving issues by including `fixes <SENTRY-SHORT-ID>` in your commit messages. For example, a commit message might look like:

```
Prevent empty queries on users

Fixes MYAPP-317
```

> When Sentry sees this, we’ll automatically annotate the matching issue with a reference to the commit, and, later, when that commit is part of a release, we’ll mark the issue as resolved.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When Sentry sees this, we’ll automatically annotate the matching issue with reference to the commit, and later, when that commit is part of a release, we’ll mark the issue as resolved.
```
